9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show live, day two of the HSBC
Global Investment Summit. [music] I'm
Yvonne Man with David Ingles.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Let's get your top stories today.
[music] Stocks across the Asia Pacific
jumping as oil extending declines and
growing optimism around further peace
talks between the US and Iran.
A source says that Tehran is considering
a pause in shipments through the Strait
of Hormuz to avoid testing [music] a US
blockade. Also ahead, China's Xi Jinping
says the world is in disarray while
pledging to play a constructive role in
the Middle East in his first public
comments since the Iran war broke out.
>> Plus, more conversations on the
conflict's impact [music] on investor
sentiment and the energy sector on day
two of the HSBC Global Investment
Summit.
>> [music]
>> All right. Um when it comes to risk
assets, it's like we're trying to learn
to cope with this war and I think we're
just kind of moving away from it for
now. It's given what we're seeing the
tech sector here right now. We got
levels to watch when it comes to China
stocks as well. But it seems like just
the the aspect of just the talks to to
talk Yeah. is enough to really The
prospect of a second round of talks,
right? And I think it it does signal
what markets already rallied on last
week, which was the it's a signal of
intention from both sides, right? To to
get together and hopefully and I think
also
China coming out with their first public
statement, I think is also quite an
anchor
to expectations that the world is really
coming together on this. And and maybe
we'll we'll see what the talks look
like, right? But as far as markets go,
one by one we're taking out these highs
that when you look at I think Taiwan is
already there to see is I 300 is
extremely close. I think we're nine
points is nine points short of reversing
all of the losses from when when the war
began and other benchmarks are also very
close as well to that specific to that
specific milestone.
On top of that
these talks and we'll get you guys a
preview of that as well and of course we
also mentioned this quite surprising
actually this time in the afternoon
on on on Tuesday when we had of course
the Chinese come out and lay out their
official stance. Yeah, I think up until
now they've been trying to you know
water down a little bit of the their
influence
>> behind it and you know that they were
the ones then this kind of last minute
11th hour was able to push Iran to to
the table. So
now that you're hearing that the
president himself talk about it I think
certainly does add a bit more influence
to really the role that they're playing
in all this as well and maybe that
mediator role being elevated a little
bit more. Yeah. Well, they they're not a
small economy.
There is some heft behind it. We have a
show that's named after it. All that
being said okay, let's have a look to
across these markets right? So we've
talked about this A50 futures going into
this. We're looking at 680 specifically
as well. On dollar China another
statistic for you guys we're about 3%
away on the Asian benchmark from also
taking out that recent that recent
highs. So we're close to also reversing
all the losses we've had so far. In
fact, why do we bring in our team? To
just really just get us up to speed on
where we are as far as these different
conversations are concerned. Sources
have said that the US and Iran are
looking to arrange a second round of
these peace talks in the coming days
with one proposal being a return to
stage one which was in Pakistan. We've
also heard from the Chinese president
who is also warning that the world order
is crumbling amid this conflict. Our
team is with us to fill in the blanks.
Thor Davis
uh is with us uh in our Hong Kong
studios, our politics editor. Also there
is Stephen Engle, our chief North Asia
correspondent. Uh Steve, let let me
start with you because this is really a
we haven't heard some a lot from the
Chinese. Uh take us through what we
heard so far.
Sure. Well, you you summed it up pretty
well. He is essentially uh making his
first comments directly about the war uh
since of course the war began and he did
it in a meeting uh with visiting Spanish
Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez, who by the
way, of course, Spain has been one of
the most outspoken European nations
against the war in the Iran. And this
was uh the fourth visit uh meeting
between Xi Jinping and Pedro Sanchez in
the last 3 years. And again, uh the two
kind of shoring up mutual understanding
on some very big global economic and
geopolitical issues. Uh let's hear what
Xi Jinping actually had to say in that
meeting.
The world is beset by turmoil and the
international order is in disarray. How
a country treats the international law
and order reflects its worldview, its
values, its vision of order, and its
sense of responsibility.
Now, Xi Jinping has framed China as a
stabilizing force amid the turmoil uh
that he claims that it was been the
world has been thrown into because of
the Trump trade policies as well as uh
the now war in the Iran. Uh the Chinese
Foreign Ministry also weighing in
yesterday again uh saying the blockade
by the United States in the Strait of
Hormuz is dangerous and irresponsible
and has also vowed uh for China to take
countermeasures if the United States
were to increase uh tariffs punitive
tariffs on China. So, again, you know,
Sanchez, I mentioned how she and Sanchez
have been gaining a lot of rapport. He
called uh that Israeli-US war in Iran.
Again, he labeled it as illegal.
Laura, I'll I'll bring you in now. What
do we know about this next round of
talks? Where's it going to be? What do
we know at this point?
Uh these are still all TBD, but the most
likely venue is looking like they will
all return to Islamabad, Pakistan, too,
where they had talks last weekend. Uh
the timing also is has not yet been set.
Trump has suggested it could be within
the next day or two, though some others
have suggested it might be this weekend.
I'll note that they really just have
about a week left until the ceasefire
expires, so they do need to move um
quickly here. Uh but this is really uh
you know, sort of an an incredible
backdrop going into these negotiations.
Uh you know, looking at just the the
week that Trump has had of he's fighting
with Georgia Meloni over the war, he's
fighting with the Pope over the war, his
um his ally in Hungary, Viktor Orbán, is
out. Uh you know, meanwhile, she is uh
you know, in Beijing accepting um all
these uh leaders who have been visiting
him from Saudi Arabia, from Vietnam,
from uh from Spain. Um so this is uh you
know, Trump is really going in with a
very weak advantage here, where she
appears to sort of be the uh the global
statesman who's who's winning the war uh
that he's not really even directly
involved in.
Um the Laura, let me ask you about two
other things that might be related to I
mean, the stars seem to be aligning
better, relatively speaking, in going
into this, you know, this second round
of talks. One is and if you could take
us through what we know about this Iran
is considering uh development in as far
as the Strait of Hormuz is concerned, so
as not to derail these talks. And we're
also looking at uh separately, Israel
and Lebanon actually speaking to. What
do we know about that, too?
Yeah, we really have um sort of uh both
the US and Iran playing nice um while
they're negotiating whether or not to
have these talks here in the next couple
days. You have um Iran, who's basically
decided they're not going to send ships
through the Strait of Hormuz to not test
uh test the blockade that the US has set
up. The US meanwhile has decided to take
a much more minimalist position on the
blockade that that Trump announced. You
know, he would originally going to be
chasing after ships on the high seas who
had paid these tolls. Now, it's looking
like a very, very narrow military
operation there with you know, being
very restrained with use of force. When
it comes to to Lebanon
and and Israel, this has been you know,
sort of interesting. It's the first time
since the leaders for at least the
ambassadors from those two countries
have sat down face-to-face in in roughly
30 years. So, this is really more of a
symbolic victory. This has been heralded
as a a chance for Israel and Lebanon to
meet. Of course, Hezbollah, the Iranian
back group, is not in the room in these
talks and there's little hope that
there's going to be some big
breakthrough here, but it's really just
getting the ball rolling for potentially
reducing the tensions that have flamed
up amid sort of the conflict with the
US, Israel, and Iran.
Steve, we just got a headline here from
CCTV saying that President Xi is going
to be meeting with Russia's foreign
minister in Beijing. What can you tell
us about just this relationship now in
the face of all this volatility around
Iran?
Well, obviously they're going to be
comparing notes on how to go forward,
especially we're a couple of weeks or a
few weeks away from that proposed
meeting between Xi Jinping and Donald
Trump if it goes ahead. We've had a few
voices here on Bloomberg Television the
last couple of days essentially say what
are going to be the deliverables for
that. Will it actually happen? So,
clearly the foreign minister of Russia
meeting with the Chinese leadership to
get on to the same page as Xi Jinping
also is meeting with a number of
different leaders as we've just been
talking about not only the prime
minister of Spain, but the Crown Prince
of Abu Dhabi is in town. They're talking
about that four-point peace plan that Xi
Jinping sort of well, not really a peace
plan. It's just more of a proposal about
how to maintain peace in the Middle
East. A fairly vague uh outline, if you
will, that includes a peaceful
coexistence, sovereignty, rule of
international law, the pursuit of
development and security. Uh but also,
he will be meeting this week uh with the
new president of Vietnam, who's going to
be there. Kind of these two long-time
adversaries that share a border, that
have had a number of different wars over
the decades, uh pushing this turmoil in
the energy markets uh and geopolitically
is sort of pushing these two uh
together. So, no surprise that Xi
Jinping is welcoming uh some like-minded
people to Beijing right now.
All right, our team, thanks. Our Stephen
Engle there, North Asia chief
correspondent, also Laura Davison, our
politics editor, joining us there uh in
our studios. As a forest, we're going to
bring you more interviews coming up here
in the second day of the HSBC Global
Investment Summit. A strong lineup of
guests, of course, as we talk about this
Iran war. Uh we'll be speaking with the
former US assistant secretary [music] of
state for energy resources, Amos
Hochstein, along with HSBC's Asia and
Middle [music] East co-CEO, David Liao.
We'll also be hearing from the heads of
the London Stock Exchange [music] and
Northland Power, as well as the CIO of
Dan Adara, Indonesia. We're going to
have the open of trade in Shanghai,
[music] Shenzhen and Hong Kong. Futures
are doing this here right now, of
course. Uh it's on the backdrop of
[music] a rally that continues here in
the Asia Pacific. Futures are up this
morning by about a third of 1%. This is
the China show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back, of course, uh day two of
the HSBC Global Investment Summit. We're
going to be talking about oil prices and
the like. Now that we're we're back
below 100, I think there's a sense of
calm, I guess, you could say, relatively
speaking here, that maybe that we're
getting into the second round of talks
and you know, maybe we are getting
closer to some sort of peace. But but
then again, we've got to take a look at
what's going on in flows in the Strait
of Hormuz and the like. Joining us is
Amos Hochstein, managing partner at TWG
Global. He is also the former US
Assistant Secretary of State for Energy
Resources and was a senior advisor to
former President Biden. Amos, it's great
to have you here in the Asia Pacific.
Obviously, it seems like we've calmed
down a bit
when it comes to markets or or concern.
But what is the data telling you? What
what are you seeing here as this war
goes on for a seventh week? Well, first
exactly that. We're going on a seven
weeks and despite all the comments about
the war is about to end,
it hasn't ended. We're in a ceasefire.
And the Strait of Hormuz is closed. So,
regardless of what the cause of the war
was, what the goals were, we're now all
about negotiations about how to open the
straits, which was a crisis that we
actually did not have before the war.
So, we've created a crisis and now we're
trying to solve it.
In Asia, we are There are no tankers on
the way to Asia with jet fuel, diesel,
gasoline, helium gas. None of that is on
the way. The straits are fully closed.
We have multiple countries in Asia that
are gone to four-day work weeks to
conserve energy, where kids have gone
back to Zoom school. They haven't done
that since COVID.
And that's not getting better regardless
of what happens for several weeks.
So, I think it's important as the market
clings to every positive, you know,
statement about, "Oh, the war is over or
we're going towards another round of
negotiations." The question market has
to ask itself, what if the straits stay
closed for another couple of weeks?
>> Mhm.
And the second question has to be asked,
the Iranians are going to control the
Strait of Hormuz for the foreseeable
future.
That genie's out of the bottle. That's a
risk premium we have to have in the
market that we've never had before. Mhm.
What's a better What's a more accurate
gauge of how much energy costs? Do I
look at Brent futures or do I look at
physical
prices being being being paid right now?
Look, in my 30 years doing this, I've
never seen a bigger disparity between
the paper value of oil and the physical
price of oil.
Oil right now is trading at 90.
Nobody can find a barrel of Brent for
90. It's not available.
You're talking about $140 to $150
to get a barrel. Part of that is because
you actually can't get that back.
Where's it going to come from?
The straits are closed.
There are no other Brent producers.
So, I would look at the physical right
now if I want to look at impacts in
markets. What happens if next week
the straits are still closed and
airports in Asia start limiting flights?
What does that do for economic growth?
And how long before that starts
affecting Europe and then the United
States?
How How You mentioned about this
stronghold Iran has on the Strait of
Hormuz.
What could shake that? I mean, does a US
naval blockade do that? I mean
What Do you see anything in the horizon
that could loosen Iran's grip on on this
key key vital waterway? I really don't.
In other words, I think Iran has learned
through this war
that while the nuclear card that they
had, that was their leverage against the
world, right? If you don't do what I
say, I may be crazy enough to go to
nuclear weapons, right? That was always
the threat. When I was in the White
House and in the State Department,
I think they realize that costs billions
of dollars.
One $20,000 drone hits one tanker
and we control the whole straits.
So, I think this is a card they don't
want to give up. They are going to
control it. Even if they open the
straits
6 months from now, a year from now,
anytime they want a crisis to
manufacture a crisis, anytime they want
to pick a fight with their neighbors.
It's not just a leverage against the
United States and the world. Remember,
this war will end with a regime that is
intact,
angry, vengeful,
and angry at their neighbors who joined
the war.
So, the Strait of Hormuz is not just a
lifeblood for Asia and the rest of the
world. It is also the lifeblood of the
economies of the Gulf states.
And so, we are waking up to a new
reality that this war ended up with a
new
geopolitical risk that didn't really
that existed before, but only in theory.
So, I mean,
once we come out of this, if someone
told me an analogy, analogy, if someone
told me
my house only had one fire exit, that's
the Strait of Hormuz. I'll do everything
to construct another. So, in other
words, what I'm trying to get to is,
you know, the world's going to wake up.
We're not We can't be hostage to a the
Strait of Hormuz.
In terms of alternatives, what what what
do emerging markets have in terms of
options? Do we see a massive pileup in
strategic reserves? By the way, where
are those reserves? They were
They were said to have been released
weeks ago. Is that Is that on the way?
And do I look at alternatives? How do I
need to be thinking about this getting
us out of this dilemma? So, that's the
right question, right? Um
I posted a piece last week on we have to
build out alternative infrastructure
worldwide.
And I think we have to come together,
Asian countries, the United States, some
Europeans, and the Gulf states. And we
have to build new infrastructure. We
have to We have some infrastructure in
Saudi and UAE,
but it's very small
relatively speaking to what the need is.
We have to double those capacities. It's
also only for oil.
We need it for
diesel, jet fuel, and other products.
So, we should build that. We should
build infrastructure from Kuwait either
through Syria to Turkey or through Iraq
to Turkey to get those products out. And
we should invest in product reserves
here in Asia.
There needs to be more
reserves of jet fuel and diesel and
kerosene and LPG is so important to so
many low-income families who use it for
cooking, who don't have it right now.
And so I think that we can't leave it to
the Middle East countries to finance it.
We should join in on a joint venture of
financing these kinds of projects. It
may cost some money, but I think it
costs a lot more not to have it as we're
learning right now. Yeah, and that
certainly is I'm sure a lot of Asian
economies are asking that question the
diversification, the need for that.
Does China stand to benefit then given
that you know, it's been a decade
they've been trying to transition into
renewables into green tech and they have
a lot of cheap energy out there. Is it
going to the world's going to have to
rely a bit more with China in getting
access to some of this energy now? So
remember that in renewable So first
China's done a remarkable job of
diversifying renewable energy.
Ironically, they've diversified and
increased both renewables and coal at
the same time.
Um
but renewables don't compete with oil.
Mhm.
They compete with natural gas.
They compete with coal.
They don't provide solutions to
aviation. We fly a lot. We need jet
fuel. We have shipping we we're more
shipping that doesn't run on renewables.
The inside of an electric vehicle is all
made of plastic and other products that
are made from fuel from petroleum.
Our hospitals are entirely made of
petroleum, right? I mean, our masks, our
syringes, MRI machines, CT scans all
need helium gas that comes from natural
gas. So we still need the products. Yes,
we should invest more in renewables and
I think Asia is a bit behind in
investing in renewables in some parts or
let's just say behind, let's say uneven
as far as the investment in it and we
should do more. That won't solve this
crisis anytime soon. We should face the
reality of the energy markets.
And the fact that I think the long tail
of this crisis, if the if the Strait of
Hormuz are open tomorrow,
it will be several weeks, if not a
couple of months, before Asia gets new
fuel from the Middle East. That's how
long they have to restart their
production.
We have to ship ships to empty tankers
have to go there, load up, and come
back. Each takes weeks to do. So, I
think the market's taking a bit of a
rosy approach to this, that there'll be
a flip of a switch and everything will
be fine.
And I think we have to think about what
happens if this weekend talks don't
produce a deal.
Are we taking this 1 week of optimism at
a time
and roll into week eight and week nine
and week 10?
Well, nothing personal, but I feel more
depressed after speaking [laughter] with
Uh reality bites, doesn't it? Um thank
you so much, by the way. Uh we could
let's let's do this let's continue this.
>> Yes. Uh next time we can. Uh Amos
Hochstein there, of course, managing
partner at TWG Global and former senior
advisor to former President uh Biden. Uh
we have lots more on the way here on the
China show. Lots more conversations
coming up. We'll also get you guys an
update of this massive rally that's
taking place right now. We are extremely
close in the CSI 300 from reversing all
losses since to the point Amos was just
making, since the war began. Are we
looking through this a little bit too
much, or is that uh is this that hold
some water? Lots more ahead. There we
go, a rally of 1% in the pre-market.
Opening bell, 7 minutes away. You're
watching the China show.
>> [music]
>> Your agenda here today, day two of HSBC
Global Investment Summit. We've got
plenty more interviews coming up,
including the HSBC Asia Middle East
co-CEO, David Aldridge, joining us in
just a moment. In the meantime, we're
watching some key levels not just in the
CSI 300 on whether we do actually snap
out of the losses since this Iran war
began, but also remember B, right? 680
uh we're
getting close to breaking that here
right now. I've some earnings to tell
you about CATL where we're expecting
some pretty bumper numbers here. Uh
certainly the stock has reflected that
as well. We're also watching tech plays
like Alibaba, BYD, Evergrande. There was
some news yesterday of as well. Yeah.
>> course some news of Vietnam's To Lam
also in Beijing. Yeah. Uh lots of things
are still taking place amidst this war.
Uh have a look at the pre-markets right
now. Hang Seng, Hang Seng tech. Uh you
have dollar China as we were talking
about. 680 is the level to watch. We
have been
uh extremely close to that level. I
think you know what? Let me just get an
update just so I get that. Do it. Do it
live. Yes, extremely accurate [laughter]
version of you from a data company would
be I would be remiss of my duty if I did
not. 681.17
is is is where we are. Okay. We are now
looking and here's the milestone we've
been looking at. CSI 300
in the early goings of Wednesday, we're
up half of 1%. The number 4726.64.
The reason that is relevant is that now
puts all the losses since the war began.
Not since the start of year, since the
war began behind us in as far as this
specific benchmark is concerned.
>> Yeah, and and really is going to be the
tech space that that has been driving
that a lot. So we'll we'll watch that
space coming up here. But yes, we have
plenty more to come here from the Conrad
Hotel from the HSBC summit also [music]
when it comes to of course this market
open. We got that coming up next. This
[music] is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back. Good morning from the Asia
Pacific. You're watching the China show
counting down to the open of markets a
couple of seconds away. We are coming to
you live from the HSBC conference that
can place here in Hong Kong of course
and just right behind us of [music]
course with with looks like a silent
rave. It's it's not [laughter] you have
of course folks with their headphones
are listening to the
current discussion that's happening.
There we go if you see that.
>> of those. I really want one of those
just to distract myself.
>> Yellen talk. She is speaking. Janet
Yellen is speaking
right now.
I wish you could we we we could pipe you
guys into that. But you know what? We
have other things to talk about here,
don't we?
>> Yeah. [music] We We of course we got
HSBC's
David Law, Asia and Middle East Co-CEO
joining us in just a moment. [music] But
certainly the discussions have been
quite interesting, right? We just had
that one with Amethyst Holdstein from
TWG just really talking, you know,
this is actual disruption that he's
seeing when it comes to oil markets and
he thinks, you know, maybe markets are
still a little bit too complacent about
just how optimistic they should be when
it comes to some sort of peace talk
because from where he's seeing in his
vantage point, you know, when it comes
to oil tankers and and the traffic flows
and the like, he's not seeing that much.
>> No, and I think good context, right? So
right after we finish the interview I'm
I'm kind of sure he won't mind us saying
this. Like he was actually at the White
House when Ukraine Ukraine happened,
right? So oil went to 120, inflation was
at but there was no disruption. He said
this is an actual disruption and it's
going to take weeks and months to mend.
Even once they open the Strait of
Hormuz, right? How long does it take an
oil tanker to actually get to this part
of the world? He says does take weeks if
not months depending on of course you
still have to repair a lot of
infrastructure out there. So that that
was a sobering interview. Of course we
have much more coming up here from HSBC.
Let's get a Min Lan on in studios. She's
looking at this market open. Hey Min
Min.
Hey Yvonne. I mean, yeah, it's quite
remarkable how complacent market is
because they're trading like the war is
already behind us and certainly
President Trump seems to be thinking
that. He mentioned that to Fox News
saying that we are near to the end of
the war. Volatility is crashing down as
well and we are seeing the CSI 300
already now re-bouncing above that 4,710
level. That was where we were on
February 28th at the start of the war.
We are now above pre-war levels. You
take a look at the big cap stocks that
we are watching. CATL one to watch
because it is reporting earnings today.
We are expecting double-digit growth for
both net income as well as revenue on
the back of this strong demand for
Chinese exports of batteries. Strong
momentum for its
energy storage system as well. Petro
China also something we're watching
because it has it's reporting earnings
later this week. Can we call up half
half a percent here after we had seen
the strong inflows into tech stocks in
Asia particularly into Japan markets in
Japan, in Korea and Taiwan as well. You
take a look at how we are doing in Hong
Kong. Hang Seng Tech catching a bit here
2% higher. Dollar Yuan is unchanged but
after we had seen about eight days of
strength or so on the back of that
dollar weakness. We're watching some of
these tech names. Alibaba, Meituan and
the e-commerce players like Pinduoduo
and ByteDance. According to the Nikkei,
the Chinese government is looking at
finding these companies on the back of
safety concerns from its food delivery
business. So, that's certainly one to
watch. Alibaba also looking at launching
a new product, a four-legged robot that
could be entering an increasingly
crowded space in China. Flip the watch
take a look at some of the stocks that
we are watching as well today. Some
analyst actions to tell you about. Zhihu
and JD.com both seeing a pop here.
Zhihu, we are getting
I I believe it is Jefferies that is
raising their ratings for the stock
jd.com as well. We have Barclays raising
the price target for the stock and
Macquarie also raising JD to outperform.
Bear in mind, jd.com is one of those
companies that was listed in the Nikkei
article, the Chinese government looking
at finding these company this company as
well because of that food safety
concern. Flip the wall, we are also
watching the oil majors in China because
in the US you look at the S&P energy
sub-index. We're already seeing the oil
stocks in the US erasing the gains since
the start of the war. I believe the
Chinese oil majors are not there yet,
but we are seeing declines here across
the board as well.
Right, Min-Min. Thank you so much for
the market update. We'll
take you straight back to Min-Min once
we have further updates on how these
markets are trading as we take out
several of these milestones to the to
the upside. In the meantime, joining us
here exclusively on set at the HSBC
conference is David Liao,
co-CEO of Asia and the Middle East at
the back. Very nice to see you and good
morning. Great to meet you, Yvonne.
Great to have you, David. So,
you oversee certainly two
fairly important regions. One is there's
fast growth, a lot of opportunity. The
other one has the same thing, but we're
dealing with a war that's taking place
in the Middle East. What are you seeing?
Well, first are is staff okay? And
business as usual? And to what extent do
you think we're hearing from clients and
what's happening from their perspective?
Yeah, well, first of all, as you said,
the key thing for us is to keep our
people safe and continue to be able to
serve our clients on the ground. And we
have some 10,000 people across the
region in the Middle East. We're the
largest foreign financial institution
there.
We have a joint venture bank in
Saudi.
And then also the the regional home base
in the UAE.
Um, good news is they are safe. Um, and
um, they are continuing to
uh, serve the the financial needs on the
ground.
Um,
uh,
in terms of the client's dialogue, it's
intense. Uh, we we are keeping, um,
as you've heard from George, we're
keeping, um, the balance sheet open for
them to support them. We're keeping the
global network, so we've never served,
um, the clients from a local
perspective. We've always brought the
global connectivity to them and we're
serving them across into the sovereign
wealth funds, corporates, institutions,
and and the wealth space, uh,
continually. 10,000 staff in the region.
I
I can't imagine what what what you what
questions. What is the plan for for
staff there now? Have they asked to
relocate?
And really, is there plans to do so now?
Well, firstly, as a bank, we are very
committed, uh, to the region. Um, we
believe it's, uh, entirely significant,
uh, in the long term and that is also
the reason why we put, uh, Middle East
and Asia Pacific into the same region.
It is highly intertwined, highly
relevant to each other,
um, and has a significant role, uh, to
play. Um,
um, a lot of our colleagues are our
local colleagues, so, uh, it's not about
leaving. Their homes are there. Um, so
we actually need to really help to, uh,
make sure, you know, they have a safe
working environment, um, and we have,
uh, contingency sites, um, and uh,
resilience measure in place. Uh, we are
uh, we're talking earlier, we're making
sure, um, you know, psychologically
they're in a a great place and uh, feel
well supported. I want to get a sense of
as
clients are
trying to remain flexible with the
disruptions that are going on. So so on
two things, all right, on the corporate
side and specifically on trade finance,
>> Yeah. uh, what specific products are, I
guess in some ways right now, fairly
popular, I'm not sure if that's the
right word, as people try and navigate
just the disruptions to actual trade.
And separately on wealth, are we seeing
flows from the Middle East coming into
the Asia Pacific book? So, no doubt with
so much uncertainty, um the broader um
investing customer base is in the
relatively risk off mode.
>> Okay. Right. There There's a There's a
lot of assessing the situation because
it's been quite volatile and and
changing. Um the the truth of matters a
lot of the the normal trade route
through Hormuz would have been
drastically reduced. So, um you know,
there are some divergence um that's uh
been happening including the Saudi
piping as well as um
you know,
Dubai shifting some of the uh
sort of piping through Fujairah port,
etc. But again, I have to say, you know,
it's it's it's obviously hampered from
from constraints of of the strait and
the trade. Um we see a fairly um stable
balance sheet um both on the wholesale
side as well as in the retail side.
Okay. The financial infrastructure
remains well intact. Um
uh some inflow even to cater for
potential rebuilding infrastructure
investments. But also, yes, there are
also some wealth departure um
but you know, nothing as substantial if
we look back at other crisis and such as
COVID. Um this is not in that magnitude.
>> Okay. You wear two hats as we
[clears throat] say, right? You cover
the Middle East and Asia. Do Do you see
the Middle East side of things impacting
the the Asia business in any way? Do or
does the region here stand to benefit in
some ways from some of the volatilities
and what you're seeing in your
operations in the Middle East?
>> of all, as I was saying, the Asian
Middle East uh uh structurally
intertwined. Uh we see that as sort of
the medium and long term
uh super growth region Uh whether it's
intra growth in their own specific
markets as well as obviously to the rest
of the globe.
Um it does energy does impact
the globe and you know we were just
around six or seven countries in
Southeast Asia
in Japan we're in China
there are different levels of resilience
they're all looking at different levels
of some conserving
demands some are looking at
how to build their reserves
invariably it's not just
it's not just the energy and it's not
just the broader supply of helium
aluminum fertilizer etc. But also just
secondary petrochemicals you know that
China is the manufacturing engine of the
world apart from engine which they had
do have energy which they do have
resilience for
they still need to produce and they
still need those
supplies coming through.
I want to get a sense to of
your clients appetite I know that's a
general question
clients appetite for this revival in
equity markets this part of the world
particularly when you look at Hong Kong
is really come back had a decent year
IPOs have done very very well the
mainland market has been steady but
slowly moving up
how has that changed over the last let's
call it
let's call it 24 months.
Well we're still
going to be observing the
the the evolvement um
we had IMF overnight
relooking at the the global growth
forecast um
I think one of the best scenarios is
still about 20 basis off to about 3.1
Okay. Um so we need global growth
and if it's lingering longer the impact
will be stronger and so I think every
part of the the globe will be uh
impacted. But as you said
um
Asia has been in a great place and
as you said China is resilient to the
new We're excited about the new 15
5-year plan focusing on new and higher
quality growth is looking very focused
on China outbound.
Hong Kong is absolutely recipient of
China's internationalism
still
you know we had four China financial
sector of Hong Kong
just now and still talking about a
growing pipeline of IPO over 500
companies. So this remains to be a great
place
for really strong
corporates and
businesses to be to draw capital to
their growth as well as is a massively
growing wealth hub. Can you tell us
about head count? I mean obviously I
know there's this whole AI plan. Yeah.
Now how does AI look at affect some of
the the targets that you have for for
head count this year? Yeah so you heard
George said you know AI and technology
you know we we are intent on killing
complexity not jobs. So we continue to
want to be in the forefront of using AI
to really work and curate with people to
serve our customers better.
So you know as we have better technology
better capability to serve we're
continually to be investing here in our
home market in Hong Kong.
All right David we're going to leave it
there David Allen Asia and Middle East
co-CEO at HSBC joining us here at the
state two of the global investment
summit. Coming up we're going to speak
to [music] Northland powers president
and CEO on really what does all mean
this energy fall out from the conflict
and whether renewables is really the way
that people are pivoting
>> [music]
>> and economies are looking at things now
that exclusive interview with Christine
Healy is next. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Don't worry, Sam. All right, we've been
talking about equity markets and really
how we are close on some of these
benchmarks. So, really erasing some of
the losses since this war began. So,
equity is certainly has been the focus.
But, look at what we're seeing across
commodity markets as well. When you have
actually oil WTI and Brent
well below 100 bucks here right now. So,
90 for WTI, 94 for Brent crude. When
when you were talking to I got to bring
it back to famous
from TWG saying when you look at the
physical market
>> to speak with, though.
>> It's really actually hard to find any
oil that is at that cost here right now.
So, certainly the supply issues, the
disruptions you see are real. Is that
really currently accurately being
reflected in these prices? He says,
that's a big question moving forward
here as we approach, of course, week
seven of this conflict. Good Good luck
finding a barrel of oil at 90, and
actually taking delivery of it at 90,
right? If you can even take delivery.
I'll have to stop. Well, yeah, I mean,
this fuel crunch, this fuel crisis,
energy crisis that's taking place right
now. We're feeling that across EM in the
Asia Pacific. Now, our next guest
actually says it is an opportunity to
remind ourselves that, you know,
we need to accelerate our pivot to
renewable energy adoption. Joining us
exclusively is Christine Healy, a
president and CEO of Northland Power, a
Canadian-based global power producer.
Very nice to see you. Thank you for
taking the time. It's nice to see you
here in the region.
Indeed,
there's a very good opportunity using a
crisis as a reminder that we need to do
something very quickly on just pivoting
our energy dependence.
How has that affected your strategy as a
as a corporate? Well, I think if you
take two steps back on the the macro
picture, the demand for electricity is
really entering a very different time
than we've seen in the past decades.
That's right. That after many years of
kind of flat growth or unpredictable
growth, we're seeing just massive demand
increase for electricity in many, many
markets. Mhm. So then the question is
how do you meet that demand quickly? And
of course it's all hands on deck to find
solutions for that and to find solutions
that
give meaningful results for for
consumers, for all of us in our
day-to-day lives. Renewables are a key
piece of that puzzle, I think. And in
many jurisdictions around the world, I
think there's been a high level of
awareness of what renewables can bring
to the table. But you layer on top of it
now, really coming back to the fore is
this idea of domestic energy security.
That if you can produce more of your own
electrons from your own resources. So
some countries are lucky enough to have
those resources under the ground. Other
countries though will have it from the
sun or from the wind. And so if you have
the opportunity to harvest that for your
own national security, I think the case
is even stronger now than it's been for
a very long time. You mentioned about
you know, keeping up with demand. Where
are you seeing the most interest now?
Which regions? And how soon can we see
some more project announcements from you
guys? Sure. Yeah. Well, for Northland
Power, we're active you know, in Europe.
We have a big project in construction
here in Asia. Uh we are active in Canada
as well. We see that across all of our
markets there's an increasing demand for
electricity. You know, there's
more urbanization, there's the data
center demand, there's just the fact is,
you know, industrial growth, GDP growth.
We see all of those things driving
electricity demand. So we'll say it's a
good time to be an electricity producer.
And it's we're good at building
projects. We like doing projects because
all of our discussions and white papers,
you actually have to build things in
order to get the electrons in the
system. Right. And can you contextualize
that for us? This whole industrial
revolution around AI and data centers?
How much demand has actually been added
to the grid?
You know, there's a big question about
what is that demand ultimately going to
look like? What are the numbers going to
be? Are we double counting? You know
what? I don't know. The underlying
demand is certainly growing though. And
I think for all of us as you start to
work with AI, which you know what, AI
has been around in various forms for a
long time. You know, industry has used
machine learning for a long time in
order to be more efficient, more
effective. But as we all interface more
with AI, we all start to use AI more and
then you can easily see how this is
going to very much transform what the
future of work is, future of industry
is. So, I find it hard to believe that
there isn't going to be significant
demand growth from that. What the exact
number is, the exact timing, who knows.
But you know what, this is a long-term
industry, so we build for where things
are going to be, not for where they are
right now. And at the pace of the
infrastructure that we have now, I mean,
do you think it actually catch up with
the amount of demand that we're seeing
for AI and and right now? Well, there is
a time lag, you know, as things are
moving forward on the technology side
very quickly, the reality is that grid
infrastructure and electricity
production, it takes us time to build
those. The fastest cycle time I think
you see in renewables, but as you build
out these large-scale projects, it takes
time and the supply chain, you cannot
you can start to see some friction in
the supply chain because there is this
increase of demand in almost every
jurisdiction around the world. So, uh
suppliers are starting to pick up the
pace, but you know, there is a lag
effect that happens there and that's
going to be real for some years to come.
And these are very long-term projects
where you kind of have really have to, I
guess in some ways project well into the
future. Has the financing model, has
that evolved enough for many of these
projects to make sense? Yeah, so for
Northland, we have a couple of different
ways. In some cases, we're contracted
directly with our host governments or
for system operators. In some
jurisdictions, we have PPAs, power
purchase agreements with with companies
directly. Different models, you know,
within Canada, our home jurisdiction,
there are 13 different models. So, it's
a you know, there are many different
So,
you know, any of it can work. I would
say there is good appetite for
supporting these projects. I think
there's a general high level of
awareness of how much needs to happen in
the market and that we really need to in
order to build those things, we need to
have the financing structures in place.
So, we see right now is actually a very
good time for these projects and we see
a good level of interest to support
them. You have some some big projects
coming up for Northland. The one in
Poland, Baltic Power. You also have the
one in Taiwan where commercial
operations are supposed to start maybe
end of 2026 2027 respectively.
The the prospect that maybe higher rates
are here to stay because of this
situation in Iran right now. Do you
think in any way does that impact your
timeline of when these these plants are
and whatnot open up? So, these
large-scale gigawatt plus offshore wind
projects, these are many years in the
making. So, we build them out and we we
continue on the course. So, now the goal
is just to execute those projects and I
will tell you one of the things we're
proud of is we do those projects on
time, on budget. We're continually
focused on getting that done which
honestly is rarer than you think. So,
we're very focused on getting that done
and getting it done right. But now we're
talking about the next tranche of
projects that comes after that. So,
these ones are largely spoken for.
They're contracted already and the
demand for those is there's already
contracts in place for that for a very
long time to come because we see that
there are customers who are really
wanting the power and they want to
secure the power for the future. So,
these projects will run for 25-30 years.
So, they're long-term power
opportunities for customers. And we see
big demand,
great opportunity for future projects as
well. And we know you have a busy travel
schedule. You're I think on to Taiwan
next after this. So, we'll see you next
time you're in the region. Thank you so
much for coming in today. Fantastic.
Christine
Healy there of course president and CEO
of Northland Power. Lot more
conversations coming up here of course
from the conference. [music]
We'll be hearing from the head of the
London Stock Exchange joining us in a
couple of minutes and the CIO of Dataran
Tara, Indonesia coming through at those
times on your screen. [music]
>> Yeah, if you can zoom in a bit. Yeah,
we're just speaking to HSBC and head of
global markets and securities as well as
economist Ken Rogoff there. This
>> [music]
>> is Bloomberg.
>> All right, we're checking markets here
right now and of course as we spoke in
the last 20 some moments, minutes, we
are now at 4715
the CSI 300. So, we are still set to
really erase those losses that we've
seen in this benchmark here since this
war began. So, I continue to see a lot
of green on the screen here when it
comes to greater China Hang Seng. We're
up about 1% H is tech certainly is
catching a bid here this morning and
we're watching of course very closely
that currency Chinese currency is six
just around that 680 level here right
now. Okay, Baba jd.com Meituan and Baidu
coming up on your screens just to get a
sense of relief how the tech space is
faring at this point in time. 24 minutes
to catch market session. Yep, we're
doing quite well as you can see. So,
we're now in fact just on the benchmark
basis 100 points on Hang Seng tech
translates to about two percentage
points to the upside and we are punching
now
5000 is a level I guess the nice next
round nice round level to watch there on
the benchmark
itself. Okay, couple of other things to
tell you about semiconductors SMIC,
Cambricon and yes, the other thing I
want to point out is we [music] are also
looking at earnings coming through CATL
of course that entire theme across
batteries. [music]
We have lots more on the way coming up
in the next hour of the China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session and as we were just talking the
last couple minutes here at the at the
get-go here. We basically have recouped
all the losses of this equity market
since the Iran war began. So they are
really kind of joining in on this rally
for another day as we count down to
another round of peace talks between the
US and Iran. That certainly is what's
keeping the hope of of the
and risk at the moment, but certainly
there's going to be a lot of questions
about moving forward. You know, are we
going to get through another round of
marathon talks that we saw last week but
with not much results. Yeah, where's it
going to be? Who's going to be the host?
How close are they relative to
I forget my sense of time is just all
over the It's only Wednesday, so few
three How close can you get after 3
days? Um, what does that US delegation
look like as well, right? So a lot of it
is also personnel. But in terms of other
moving parts, it does seem that the
stars are aligning slightly better for
you for this round and as far as I think
we have some reporting around what Iran
is planning to do around the street so
as not to derail the stocks separately
in Washington. We talked about this
earlier on. I think you have Israel and
Lebanon actually also also discussing as
well because the the Lebanon issue was
the the key sticking point for Israel
and as far as that they're
being able to align as far as the
ceasefire was concerned. Plus, of
course, the other big development is the
statement coming out of the Chinese.
Yeah, the president Xi being making his
first public comments really about this
this conflict certainly is quite telling
about their role behind, you know, are
they the mediator and how much influence
they really have at this moment. So that
certainly has been the one key
development in this part of the world,
but we've been talking to our guests
here at the day two of the HSBC Global
Investment Summit and and they certainly
the Iran situation is still front and
center here. Let's take a listen.
I think Iran has learned through this
war
that while the nuclear card that they
had, that was their leverage against the
world, right? If you don't do what I
say, I may be crazy enough to go to
nuclear weapons, right? That was always
the threat. When I was in the White
House and in the State Department,
I think they realize that cost billions
of dollars.
One $20,000 drone hits one tanker
and we control the whole straits. So, I
think this is a card they don't want to
give up. They are going to control it
even if they open the straits.
One of the things that we continue to do
with our clients in the Middle East is
to serve as sound advisors for them
especially in times of unrest. And the
benefit of having a global platform for
our clients is that we're able to
diversify for our clients as well. So,
when they do have needs for
diversification, when they do want to go
to other geographies, we're there for
them.
The truth of matters a lot of the the
normal trade route through Hormuz would
have been drastically reduced. So,
you know, there [clears throat] are some
divergence that's been happening
including the Saudi piping as well as
Dubai shifting some of the
sort of piping through Fujairah port
etc. But again, I have to say, you know,
it's it's it's obviously hampered from
from constraints of of the straits and
the trade.
Right. Joining us now here on set as the
just the panel just behind us in case it
just gets loud. Just just wrapped up so
people are starting to filter into the
space behind us. Joining us here on set
is Fully Hoggett, CEO of the London
Stock Exchange, Europe's leading stock
exchange. It's very nice to see you in
in the region.
>> much for having me. How's the trip been?
What what have you heard so far from the
people you've met here? What's the
message you want to bring across?
>> I I think we've I've been in Asia for 3
days so far in terms of work and we've
just been in Vietnam.
FTSE Russell has just upgraded Vietnam,
which is effective in September, to
emerging status.
They are working on their reform agenda
to drive capital from international
financial centers into Vietnam and also
to raise the profile from a debt
perspective as well. As the most
international exchange in the world,
we've become a partner with them and
been delighted to do so. But it reflects
the growth and the energy in the region,
actually, and making sure that investors
in Europe and the US who trade through
London can get exposure to this region
as well. So Yeah. Dame Julia, I mean,
you're here in Hong Kong, which we just
had one of the most active exchanges in
the world last year. You're about to be
on a panel with with Bonnie Chan. Just
wondering, have you been swapping
stories and and any lessons that you can
learn from from your Hong Kong Bonnie
and I swap notes quite regularly.
And there's a lot of collaboration
between London and the Hong Kong
exchange. We've had companies that are
dual listed on both of our venues for a
long time and I think we both feel that
we have complementary strengths. And
when we work together, we can bring them
to the service of the issuers who use
our market.
We had the creation of a new
international segment because we've had
a massive reform agenda in the UK over
the course of the last several years and
it was actually CK infrastructure that
was the first to use that segment
just the first month after it came into
into fruition.
So we very much collaborate and
communicate on that basis. So so tell us
then, what's big for you as you refresh
[snorts]
I guess the concept of what a venue
looks like So I I have this phrase that
I always say that stock exchanges are
convenience. Our job is to bring
together those who have capital with
those who need capital in service of an
objective. We're great big network
effects that enable people to transact
at pace and at scale. And if that's
viable for a company when it's public,
why is it not viable for a company at
every stage of its life? So we have
created in the UK a regulation called
Pisces, which stands for the private
intermittent securities and capital
exchange system regulation, where the Rs
are silent. Okay. Um [laughter]
and on the back of that, we've created
the private securities market in the UK
to enable private companies to have
intermittent liquidity of their
secondary shares. It's to solve for
giving private companies strategic
agency.
>> Right. So, that they aren't waiting for
cliffhanger events to generate
liquidity. And it also smooths the
pathway between the private and the
public markets.
>> Right. So, we've done that and then had
a massive reform agenda in our public
market rules. And it's all through one
very simple logic. How do you give
companies maximal strategic agency?
The hardest thing a company should do is
come up with a good strategy and execute
it. It's not have a PhD in finance to
figure out how to navigate the
labyrinthine world of the markets. Yeah.
So, we've been trying to reconfigure the
way the UK markets work to solve for
that problem and to solve for companies,
whether they are private or public.
Yeah.
You mentioned reform agenda is mostly
done. Yeah. It's all about attracting
capital to the exchange now. Mhm. What
more would you like to see from the
government in really making London a
better destination for investors?
>> Yeah. I mean, I look, the simple reality
is we have the biggest pipeline we've
had since 2005.
So, this reform agenda is bearing fruit.
Uh our lawyers and our bankers are very
busy right now in preparing
transactions. And those transactions are
coming in not just from the UK, but
around the world. Um but there is always
more you can do. You have to think of
the exchange product in the same way
that any company thinks of any product.
Does it serve the needs of its clients?
Um and so, a lot of what we're focused
on right now is we've had massive reform
to enhance retail participation in the
UK. Cuz actually, there were quite a lot
of European regulations that made it
quite hard for retail to access
regulated markets, unlike here. Um and
therefore, we have reversed those in the
UK and now we're working on the cultural
engagement campaigns in the UK for
retail to increase their participation.
And for our uh pension funds as well to
increase their participation not only
with public companies but with private
companies.
And that is where the majority of the
focus is because the reform agenda has
been so swift and so profound in the UK
that most of our checklist we've
actually checked off which is why it's
having the effect that it is now in
terms of pipeline. So the biggest the
biggest pipeline since 2005. What what
comes to fruition this year when you
look at that pipeline?
>> Well, that pipeline is is for execution
before the summer of 2017. Okay. Yeah.
The I I get asked about when is X going
to happen all the time. And I'll go back
to that strategic agency point. Our job
is to create the platform so that the
companies can make the right decision
for them at the right time you know with
their advisers. And and you referenced
Iran earlier. We know we are living in
interesting times. Companies have to
make the right decision at the right
time. Our job as a venue is to be there.
Um um and treat them without fear or
favor when they are ready to execute.
>> What is what's sentiment like the last
the last five or six weeks or so? Just
give us a snapshot of the market.
>> I I think what you reflected in in the
the reflection on the market performance
here this morning is what we would see
in London.
Which is the market is looking for that
relief transaction trade. It is
volumes have been very busy. Okay.
>> Um but orderly and rational in the same
way around.
Um and I think every time there is a a
glimmer of hope that things are
resolving then we see we see the market
rally. Um
the there are individual company by
company and country by country responses
going on. Um our job as a venue is to
make sure the pipes and plumbing work so
that people can express their positions
as they wish to and make sure they have
confidence that they can transact and
that has been working. Um you you
mentioned about some of the reform and
the the private securities market. You
just conducted that first trade.
>> Yeah.
What How do you see that changing the
exchange overall? And what's the
response been from institutions so far?
So I I a this is this is a strange
phrase that well not strange but um
Ronald Reagan was once famously said to
say that um the most dangerous words in
the English language are I'm from the
government and I'm here to help. And if
you think about exchanges, if your sole
relationship with a company is about an
IPO,
then you you've got one product. Um what
we have looked at is if we think venues
are convening effects, then how do we
solve the problems for companies at
every stage of their journey? What we
describe in the UK as the funding
continuum. So actually what we want to
be able to sit down with a company and
say is not when are you going to do an
IPO, but how can we help?
Whether you need liquidity as a private
company, whether you're looking to raise
a fund, whether you're looking for an
exit from a fund, whether you're looking
to raise debt, or whether you're going
to IPO. But also how do we get rid of
that cliff edge between the private and
the public markets. Um and make sure
that actually that execution certainty
that people look for and want for IPOs,
if you've had more engagement with with
institutional investors in the private
markets beforehand, you are de-risking
your path to the public markets as well.
And and we have to recognize private and
public markets live together.
You know? It shouldn't be that the only
thing in common between the two of them
is the company that goes through the
process. You know, we should make it
smoother. And that's what we've been
seeking to do in the UK. So if in 5
years time that transition pathway is
the smoothest anywhere in the world,
we'll have done our job.
And you know, private companies are able
to remain private for much longer. Much
longer now. They're able to raise the
same amount of money in the private
markets that would have only been an
option in the public markets. As you
look to improve liquidity in private
markets secondary shares, are you not
just postponing that eventual
listing? How do you look at a world
where private companies will just remain
private? Well, I think the simple
reality is there are companies that will
only ever want to remain private. And
when you speak to founders in companies,
that's what they wish to do.
But they they want to have strategic
agency.
Um quite a lot of private companies feel
that the only way they can realize the
liquidity value for say a founder is in
a trade sale. But actually that company
could become globally consequential from
say here or from the UK without having
to need an a liquidity event of a trade
sale if they had another mechanism of
generating liquidity. But also public
markets are inherently democratizing.
They are a mechanism of everybody
getting access. Private markets are not.
Very often it's who you know and who
gets called. Um, and increasing the
ability of the wider population to have
a share in the value creation of private
companies to us is a really powerful
public good as well. And if we can
smooth the the practical reality is this
is the world as it is. The private
markets are here to stay, the public
markets are here to stay. How do we make
the connective tissue between the two
more straightforward? Uh,
speaking of just what we've been seeing
in in private markets, we were expecting
a couple of really mega IPOs in the US
uh, pretty soon whether it's SpaceX,
Anthropic, OpenAI. I mean these
companies really scaled massively in the
private markets and they're going to hit
the public markets in a really big way.
Is that going to be a problem for
investors? You know, as they might
actually miss out on what you know, this
fast pace of growth? Well, I think the
we are seeing quite a lot of those
companies look at how they can engage
with investors around the world in the
execution of their transactions and I
think that is viable. Um,
and and maximizing that connectivity
between venues so that the greatest
range of investors can get access to
those growth opportunities and it isn't
just for the few but it's for the many,
I think is is important.
Julia, we're going to leave it there
with Julia Hoggett, CEO at the London
Stock Exchange. Joining us here at the
HSBC Global Investment [music] Summit.
Coming up the next hour we have more
exclusive interviews with the Don Antara
Indonesia CIO as well as HSBC's Global
Head of Markets and Securities. Plus,
we're hearing from the former IMF Chief
Economist, Ken Rogoff. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. We have some breaking
news.
This is from the US Central Command in a
social media post. The headline
is that this blockade of Iranian ports,
it's an update, has been fully
implemented. So far, in less than 36
hours since the blockade was
implemented, US forces have completely
halted economic trade going in and out
of Iran
by sea. Now, let's bring in our team on
the latest there, Bloomberg Horizons
Middle East and Africa anchor, Joumana
Bercetche. She joins us from Dubai. Also
want to bring in Stephen Engle, our
chief North Asia correspondent in Hong
Kong. Joumana, I'll start with you with
that headline of a fully implementing
this blockade in the Strait of Hormuz.
What does that actually look like right
now?
Yeah, so I think, you know, since this
blockade went into effect a couple of
days ago, there were lots of questions
about how effective it actually would be
in terms of stopping some of those
Iranian-linked vessels from
exiting or entering the Strait of
Hormuz, especially those that had
specifically stopped at Iranian ports.
To be clear, we just got this update
from the CENTCOM commander. This is just
a couple of minutes ago, and here he
said that the blockade has been fully
implemented. An estimated 90% of Iran's
economy is fueled by international trade
by sea. In less than 36 hours since the
blockade was implemented, US forces have
completely halted economic trade. And
so, here we have a better understanding
of what the US are trying to achieve
with this blockade. Number one,
impede the passage of Iranian tankers,
essentially, or tankers linked to Iran
from going through the straits and
around the Gulf of Oman and the Persian
Gulf. But why are they doing that? For
two reasons. Number one, they want to
rest back the leverage from Iran because
Iran throughout the course of this war,
as we've identified, have realized that
they have this stronghold over a key
geographic point, a key maritime
shipping route over the global economy.
And it is not a point of leverage they
want to give up easily. So the US
calculus here is number one, let's rest
[clears throat] it back from before we
go into those second round of
negotiations. And then the second
Yeah, the second point is clearly they
want to be targeting Iran's economy
because
you know, 90% of the economy is reliant
on the oil that gets through that
strait. So from their perspective, the
first 36 hours have been successful and
I will just say incident-free because it
hasn't led to a military escalation that
people deemed,
you know, the possibility within the
realm of possibilities.
Steve,
let me bring you in. I think we have
also had some I would call them some
major developments really from this part
of the world. We've had the public, the
first public comment coming through out
of the Chinese president. And in the
last what, 30 minutes, an hour or so,
we also understand that the Chinese have
been speaking with
the Russian foreign minister in Beijing.
What do we know about that?
Yeah, obviously there's been a number of
different meetings that Xi Jinping has
been hosting in Beijing. The most recent
one this morning according to state
media meeting with foreign minister of
Russia, Sergey Lavrov.
Wang Yi, the foreign minister of China,
met him yesterday as he's visiting the
capital and essentially reaffirming and
strengthening advancing their strategic
partnership amid these
global economic and trade shocks, no
doubt. So we'll likely get more details
out of that meeting as we're seeing
video here of Mr. Lavrov meeting with Xi
Jinping in the Great Hall of the People
in Central Beijing, but there's been a
number of other meetings as well between
the Xi Jinping as well this week. The
new
newly appointed president was the party
chief of Vietnam To Lam will be meeting
with Xi Jinping to strengthen their
relationship after what's been decades
of spotty relationships if not border
skirmishes, but again the geopolitical
climate right now perhaps pushing
Vietnam and Beijing closer together as
To Lam has consolidated power in Vietnam
as the party chief and now the
president. We also have the Crown Prince
of Abu Dhabi
Sheikh Khaled bin Mohammed visiting
Beijing as well as Pedro Sanchez the
Prime Minister of Spain. So you can see
the red carpet is being rolled out as
Beijing tries to paint itself as the
responsible party globally to other
countries around the world amid what has
been a very turbulent last year on the
trade front with Trump's policies of
tariffs as well as now obviously the
Israeli-US war in Iran. This is what Xi
Jinping had to say about
sort of a
not so veiled
attack on the United States policy. This
is what he had to say in the meeting
with Pedro Sanchez, the Prime Minister
of Spain.
The world is beset by turmoil and the
international order is in disarray. How
a country treats the international law
and order reflects its world view, its
values, its vision of order, and its
sense of responsibility.
Now Spain has been one of the more
outspoken critics of the war of European
nations. This is Sanchez's fourth
meeting with Xi Jinping in the last 3
years. So,
despite, you know,
Beijing potentially and essentially
losing an ally in with the ouster of
Victor Orban in Hungary, Spain is
perhaps picking up a little bit of a
bigger role in having closer dialogue
with Beijing.
Jomana, obviously we're we're getting
ready for this next round of peace
talks. How do you think this this
pressure that we're seeing in the Strait
of Hormuz with this naval blockade? How
do you think it's going to influence how
negotiations going to fare fare out here
this time around?
Well, our colleagues were out with a
Bloomberg scoop yesterday that I thought
was quite interesting suggesting that
Iran themselves are considering
temporarily pausing shipments through
the Strait of Hormuz because they don't
want to upset or derail the possibility
of a second round of negotiations. If
that is true, then that would suggest
that these the second round is is set to
happen. And there's certainly been a lot
of talk coming from the US side that
they want to proceed with the
discussions. And in fact, J.D. Vance
yesterday said it's ultimately in Iran's
court. The ball is in their court.
Yesterday President Trump once again
reiterating that they he likely he
thinks that a second round of
discussions will probably take place.
And if they do take place, they will
likely be in Islamabad. There's plenty
of speculation online as to where this
is going to be. I will just say though
the the location has not been set yet,
neither has the timing. But you've got
to think if it is going to happen in the
next couple of days, we would probably
start hearing from officials from both
sides in the next 24 hours. It does take
around 16 hours from the US to get to
Islamabad, but the clock is ticking
because the ceasefire in theory ends on
April 21st. We've got a couple of days
to get the second round of discussions
in before that expires. At the same
time, as we just spoke about, CENTCOM uh
are painting what they're doing on the
Strait of Hormuz as a success
operationally. It is forcing Iran
perhaps to come to the table, maybe give
more concessions on that all-important
nuclear file, uh and laying the
groundwork for what could potentially be
a breakthrough. And I will just round up
here by saying that President Trump gave
an interview to Fox uh Fox News
overnight. And uh one of the key
comments from there is he suggested that
the war is going to wind up pretty soon.
So, there you have it, you know. And I
think that's why investors and markets
are so optimistic about the possibility
of a diplomatic breakthrough this week.
Let And let's hope they're correct in
that in their assessment of the current
telemetry. Joumanna, thank you. Joumanna
Bercetche there, Horizons Middle East
and Africa anchor and chief Our chief
North Asia correspondent, Stephen Engle,
with the latest on uh what we've heard
so far on the Chinese side of things.
The breaking news bottom of your screen
that we've heard in the last few minutes
or so out of the US Central Command that
a blockade of Iranian ports in and out
has been fully implemented. Lots more
ahead. This [music] is The China Show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to The China Show to some
stories that we're tracking for you this
morning when it comes to Venezuela. The
US has eased sanctions against
Venezuela's Central Bank, allowing
financial institutions to conduct
business with it. The move enables the
acting president to make [music]
transactions with international banks
after a 7-year ban. The step towards
easing economic bottlenecks [music] in
Venezuela that delayed payments to local
oil companies and undermined
Washington's plan to quickly boost crude
production.
The International Monetary Fund has
downgraded its growth projection for the
year after the Iran war triggered a
[music] major oil shock. The fund now
expects global growth to rise 3.1% this
year. That's down from its January
[music] forecast of 3.3%. The IMF says
its latest estimate assumes the conflict
will [music] be relatively short-lived
and that energy prices will see only a
moderate increase this year.
The closing of the Strait of Hormuz and
serious damage to critical [music]
energy facilities in the Middle East
raised the prospect of a major energy
crisis should a durable solution not be
found soon.
Oil and gas prices have increased
sharply and so have the prices of diesel
and jet fuel, fertilizer, aluminum,
>> [music]
>> and helium. With the right policies,
including a swift cessation of
hostilities and reopening of the Strait
of Hormuz, the damage can remain
limited.
>> [music]
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment. A pretty
cloudy day when it comes to Tokyo, but
take a look at what it comes to equity
markets and things are looking pretty
bright. We're up some 1% here in the
Asia Pacific. Let's do a quick check at
how markets are doing with Mimmy Low.
Hey, Mimmy.
Hey, Vanya. Things are looking bright
indeed after a very strong showing
yesterday in markets. We are seeing a
second day of gains on the Nikkei here
and the topics as well. And it's really
being buoyed by strong foreign inflows.
We're seeing the same trend in Taiwan,
in Korea as well. We're watching Central
Bank cues as well because of course we
have sources saying that the BOJ is
looking at raising its price inflation
forecast. That should come as no
surprise to anyone, but of course it is
propelling the flattening of the yield
curve and no wonder we saw that very
strong demand for the 20-year bond
auction yesterday. 10-year yield now at
at 2.4% level and dollar yen just south
of 159. Now, if we were to take a look
at how at how broader Asia is doing and
yes, we are seeing that return of that
momentum trade right into these Asian
tech stocks, the hardware stocks.
Yesterday, we saw a strong rebound in
those software stocks as well and again
today the leading uh sector has been
infotech up by 2.6%. Of course, energy
is down 1.2% following the retracing of
oil below $95 a barrel here, but you
look at real estate, uh healthcare,
communication services, all of these
sectors are doing very well today in
Asia Pacific up by 1.2% and certainly it
looks like it's interesting, right, that
7 weeks into the war investors seem to
be pricing in the risk of this war as a
singular oil shock rather than something
that has secondary, tertiary effects on
the economy, on growth, and stagflation.
If you look at the VIX, it is now down
to pre-war levels. We've taken out so
many uh different levels, whether it's
the S&P level now back to pre-war
levels. The CSI 300 also above pre-war
levels. Now, you take a look at the VIX,
uh strong collapse, whether it's uh in
the US, Europe, and Japan as well.
All right, Minyan, thank you. Our China
correspondent Minyan Lo there
on the latest when it comes to these
markets and certainly let's get more
insights now with our MI strategist Mark
Field. He joins us live from Singapore.
Mark, uh uh certainly it seems like
investors have really moved on from this
whole Iran war right now. You're
starting to see a lot of equity
benchmarks here in the region already
erase some of the losses since this
conflict began. Uh you know, is that
optimism warranted, you think?
Um to an extent, yes. I mean, I think
the particular if you look at the the
tech sector, it's proved many times over
that it can withstand slightly higher
interest rates and that it can look past
some of the supply disruptions, that
kind of thing. The
um upside potential for things like AI,
for chips, for anybody involved in in
that kind of space is
seen as being so great
that people can um overcome that, still
make profits, and and investors are very
excited about it. Just look today,
you've got
potential valuation talk for Anthropic
at 800 billion US dollars, which just
shows that people just can't get enough
of anything which is driving and that
kind of sector. So, that's the
optimistic end of the scenario, but
they're not completely looking past the
war situation. If you look at short-term
interest rates, they've they've risen
quite a bit during this crisis, and
they've stayed relatively high. And if
you look across the expectations for
where traders are pricing for central
banks to go, still looking for a few
central banks to raise interest rates
this year. So, the stagflation risks are
real. That's not been completely priced
out. They may be taking a slight
backtrack from where they were a couple
of weeks ago, but they're there in the
market. It's being priced, and people
they need to be aware of that. So, there
is a threshold over which equities have
to jump, but they've shown so many times
if they're driven by tech, they can get
over that, and they can keep on going as
long as people see that there's
potential for revenues and earnings to
be very good in the quarters ahead.
We've just had fantastic bank figures,
of course, this week to propel that as
well. So, the equity picture can
outperform even if there's still the
risk that some central banks are going
to raise interest rates across the G10
space in the months ahead.
Yeah, so Mark, I was actually going to
ask that you've touched on this slightly
already. I wonder if you could just sort
of explain it even further.
Is this is is this mainly or only or
mainly because there's backs mainly a
tech and AI-led rally? What else is
happening across other particularly the
cyclicals uh in this equity market?
Yeah, I mean, it is a question you're
getting to the stage now where relative
valuations are are helping as well. So,
when you have the tech multiples going
higher and higher and higher. There's
you're going to have the the people in
the markets who are looking for where
are the where the laggards, where are
the the relative value plays. So, when
you have indices we uh US stocks already
wiped out and they erased everything
they lost during the during the war. Um
we've got Taiwanese stocks already gone
above the highest we saw and most other
markets are either close to it or
they're about to to do the same kind of
thing. Among all of that shakeout you
are obviously going to have some people
that didn't catch up quickly enough and
some of those will be in the utility
space. So, like today we're seeing a
rebound in copper for example. Copper is
is starting to pick up. You will see
commodity plays coming back into the
picture who also got battered during
this this recent downturn as well. So,
the the mood will switch away from oil
focused plays into things like uh copper
and other
um metals in in that respect as well.
So, now it's a question of people
there's been a big shakeout. People will
look at their portfolios and they'll
say, "Okay, there've been some maybe
some winners undeservedly so during this
space. We'll start switching out of
those and we'll go for some of the the
sectors that need a a catchup play as
well." Having said that, of course, you
still have the favorites as as Anthony
Stevens was pointing out earlier today.
You have a small group uh particularly
here in Asia, people like TSMC, Samsung,
Hynix, Tokyo Electron. That's a group
that people will not give up. They'll
retain very big exposure to those
because they have proven themselves over
and over to be big winners during
whatever stage of the market that we
happen to be in.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, Mark, thank you so much and shout
out to Anthony Stevens too there. Uh
Mark Cranfield in Singapore for our M
Live strategist. Uh let's have a look at
earnings. So, we talked a little bit
about earnings. There's a big bank
uh in the US in terms of that overlay
there. Here in the Asia Pacific, battery
is going to be very very big in the
Chinese market. CATL is out with results
in a few hours. You get the estimates
double digit growth in both profits
[clears throat] and revenue. We're
looking at first quarter numbers here
because of this global expansion.
Increasingly, as far as exposure to
ESS, energy storage systems, Charlotte
Yang, our Asia equities reporter, is
with us for a preview. Charlotte, what
do we need to be paying attention to
here?
Yes, so a lot of tension is on CATL
today. The stock has really been at the
forefront of where investors put their
money when you think about, you know,
the oil shock situations and companies
moving away from using fossil fuels. So,
for CATL, the top thing the consensus
are now looking at 37% growth for its
top line and 15% for its earnings. And
more more importantly, investors want to
know how its energy storage system has
been growing and what kind of mix does
that look like versus its more
traditional support from the EV
batteries. So, the energy storage has
mostly been seeing a lot of optimism
because of you know, foreign
governments' push for energy security
and also that you will need more of
these batteries into your AI power
center. So, that will be one thing to
watch. Another thing that investors will
be watching is how does CATL corporate
with higher cost coming from materials
and lithium. So, in the full the full
year quarter full year results that was
out in last month, CATL showed very
impressive resilient cost control. So, I
think there is expectation for them to
do that to continue and to achieve that.
And I'm also last week we've had energy
storage company like Ningde era that's
already giving out a very strong outlook
for the first quarter that they're
expecting
the first quarter profit to to increase
as much as 70%. So, expectation is
pretty high for CATL to also deliver.
Short sellers, though, Charlotte, they
they've sort of been circling around
this stock given the rally that we've
seen
so far. You know, given what we're
expecting in the earnings, are are they
likely to face a big short squeeze, so
we'll talk about it later on.
Yes, so there is some dynamic we have to
pay attention to for a CATL's Hong Kong
listed shares and how short sellers have
been building up positions in that. Of
course, some of that short positions
comes from this pair trade which
investors set up to bet on the price
differences narrow between the A shares
and H shares, which you will be buying
the A shares and short the Hong Kong
shares. So part of that position does
come from that, but in addition to that
there is also some concerns tied to you
know the shares valuations especially in
H. So if there is if we do indeed see a
strong earnings beat, there could be
some of the pressure in terms of
screening those short sellers. And also
another thing I think it's worth
mentioning is we also had a
Bloomberg also had a scoop earlier this
week about the CATL considering doing a
share sale in Hong Kong that could go as
much as five billion dollars. We already
saw a bit of sell-off in Hong Kong
shares yesterday, but was that kind of a
event potentially potentially happening,
I think more investors may maybe
shifting their look into buying the
Shenzhen listed shares, which is a lot
cheaper than the ones in Hong Kong right
now and also faces lots of those kind of
near-term pressure from the share sale.
And essentially it's the same same
company, right? So yes, but as you
mentioned it's very important it's very
interesting to see how that dynamic with
the short sellers play out after the
earnings.
Yeah, you can see it across the
arbitrage opportunities there. All
right, Charlotte, thank you. Our Asia
equities reporter Charlotte Yaxiong on
what to expect out of CATL a little bit
later on when it comes to earnings.
We're staying on earnings as well and
really covering what we saw in the US
banks. JP Morgan shares closed lower
overnight after traders posted their
highest ever quarterly revenue for the
first three months of the year. The US
bank took in 11.6 [music]
billion dollars in trading revenue for
the period. That's up 20% from a year
ago. JP Morgan also lowered its full
year net interest income guidance back
to around 103 billion. Says the bank has
about 50 billion in private credit
exposure.
There will be a credit cycle one day and
I think when there's a credit cycle
losses will be worse than people expect
[music] relative to scenario. I don't
think it's systemic. It almost can't be
systemic if that's why it's relative to
anything [music] else, but you know,
when recessions happen and values go
down and people default higher rates,
there'll be stress and strain in the
system.
Shares of Citigroup closed higher after
traders rode a wave of volatility to
push the bank to its highest quarterly
revenue in a decade. [music]
Its fixed income unit generated 5.2
billion dollars of revenue, while its
equities business reported a record 2.1
[music]
billion. But CEO Jane Fraser warns that
extended war in Iran risks blunting deal
activity.
The impact [music] of the Middle East
conflict is hitting Asia and Europe
harder than countries such as the US and
Brazil, which are more insulated from
energy shocks.
Clearly, the [music] longer this goes
on, the more pronounced the second or
third order impacts are going to be
around the world. And inflation [music]
is now a greater risk to growth and more
likely cause central banks to lean
towards more restrictive monetary
policies.
>> [music]
>> And Wells Fargo shares closed in the red
after pairing some losses following its
latest earnings report. The bank fell
short of its primary income streams in
the first quarter
>> [music]
>> with net interest income and
non-interest income lower than
estimates. The company's CFO is warning
of additional NIM compression in the
second [music] quarter.
We'll have plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China Show. As we've
been telling you all morning, it's day
two of the HSBC Global Investment Summit
here in Hong Kong. We did speak with the
HSBC Private Bank CEO, Anita Liu. She
says that they are seeing some flows
into Asia amid the conflict in the
Middle East. She spoke exclusively
[laughter] with us earlier.
There's so much that we can do on behalf
of our clients, and one of the strengths
of our business is our globality. We
have one of the most global platforms
and institutional-like offerings for our
clients. So, not only can we help our
biggest and largest families around the
world with their wealth management
strategies for them and their family
members, but we can also help their
companies on the investment banking,
commercial banking, and market side of
the business as well. So, this ability
for us to deliver the power of HSBC to
our clients is really profound, and it's
incredibly unique. Our ability to serve
our clients around the world so
seamlessly.
>> can you tell me more about the sentiment
around your clients now, given
the real situation is a day-to-day
moving situation?
What are they doing? I mean, what are
they
in any way redirecting wealth flows? I
know we talked to George yesterday, and
he said, "Look, it's quite benign what
we're seeing right now, and they're
still open for business in the Middle
East." But, have you seen any sort of
redirection of flows? So, first and
foremost, we've been absolutely focused
on the safety and the well-being of our
clients and our teams in the Middle
East. One of the things that we continue
to do with our clients in the Middle
East is to serve as sound advisors for
them, especially in times of unrest. And
the benefit of having a global platform
for our clients is that we're able to
diversify for our clients as well. So,
when they do have needs for
diversification, when they do want to go
to other geographies, we're there for
them. And we've been continuing
to do that.
>> they coming in Singapore?
>> They are. We have seen some flows.
Although it's been very resilient, very
mild, you know, but again, in leaning
into the diversification strategies
clients more broadly, they are
absolutely looking at different regions,
and Asia is absolutely one of them.
Yeah, and are we ready to accept those
flows?
>> Yes, of course we are.
>> Like what what are the conversations you
have with your Asia team specifically as
far as that specific conversation is
concerned? So, look, we're always trying
to help our clients access different
geographies and diversify. And you know,
at the end of the day, our jobs as
wealth managers is to ensure that we are
building portfolios that are resilient,
that endure the test of time, and that
are aligned with our clients' objectives
in the long term. So, as long as we do
that, it doesn't matter so much the
noise in between. Of course, we'll make
tactical adjustments for clients,
but we've got to make sure that we're
really aligning to the purpose and the
values of what they want to do with
their money. And are they sitting in the
in the sidelines with their money now?
Are they Are they looking at risk? I
mean, what what sort of
you know, what's the risk profile of
some of the ultra-high-net-worth now in
the face of all this volatility? So, the
ultra-high-net-worth clients are very
sophisticated. They're very
institutional-like. They're very
globally-minded investors.
So, they view these opportunities as
opportunities to tactically make some
adjustments in the portfolios. But we're
not looking They're less concerned about
some of the the immediate-term impacts
on the portfolio, more concerned about
the alignment of long-term portfolio
management, and the ability to achieve
their goals and objectives through the
long-term investment philosophies.
>> Some of the headwinds that we're seeing
across this market, beyond just the
geopolitics, has been what we're seeing
in private credit, which I know is a big
product when it comes to wealth clients.
What sort of outflows have you been
seeing from from HSBC? And and what are
clients saying to you now?
So, certainly there's a lot of market
headlines about private credit, but
there is still a place for alternative
investments in private credit in
client's portfolios. Now, the key there
is to make sure that we're working with
the right managers, that we're making
the right private credit decisions on
behalf of our clients. So, the diligence
around it, making sure that they're
invested in the right companies with
clear liquidity exit plans and so on.
That's going to be the differentiator,
but that doesn't mean that we don't, you
know, include that asset class. It's an
incredibly important one, and as you can
imagine, our largest families around the
world have a significant amount exposed
to alternative investments in private
equity,
co-invest, direct investments, and the
like. Would you say the outflows have
peaked, or do you think you're still
hearing from clients that are looking
for redemptions still? There are
definitely some clients that are are
monitoring closely the situation, as are
we, but we're quite confident in the
private credit offerings that we've
provided to, you know, to clients and
what they have in their portfolios.
Again, it's it's a differentiator of the
diligence that we do and the right
manager selection, the right strategies,
the right investments, and the right
companies.
There we go, the relatively new head of
the HSBC private bank CEO,
I know you, with us here on shows
exclusively
earlier here on on on the China show.
Right, we have lots more coming up here
in from the conference itself, our
exclusive interviews. There we go, on
your screens at those times on Antara.
In addition to the CIO, the global head
of markets
and securities at HSBC plus, we spoke
with about the IMF and the downgrade of
former IMF chief economist Ken Rogoff is
also joining us very, very shortly. Lots
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. ECB President Christine
Lagarde says reaching a settlement to to
the war is the in the really the best
interest of the global economy. Uh in an
exclusive interview with Bloomberg,
Lagarde also discussed how this
prolonged conflict has weighed on her
outlook for growth and also inflation.
I have seen successful program being
completely wiped out by war. So, war is
in any circumstances the worst outcome.
If you talk in strict economic terms and
the movement of goods and all that, it's
the you know, it's the Strait of Hormuz
or Hormuz uh not being um
open for uh shipping and transportation
because you have 20% of gas and oil
going through that as well as, you know,
the the the like of uh
ingredients necessary for fertilizers,
ingredients necessary for microchips,
and what have you not going through the
strait. So, what what's the pain
threshold for the Euro area economy that
the ECB would have to act on? Is it
inflation at
3 4% or is it Look, we have we have
forecast uh for inflation that vary
between 2.6, which is the the baseline
that we have, and a little north of 4%.
Based on what I told you earlier, you
know, which is see-through, strong
decisive reaction, or somewhere in
between depending on on on the factors
that we see,
um we will adjust because we will be
agile, but one thing for sure is that we
will keep our 2%. Madam Lagarde, how
worried are you about the discrepancy
between spots and future oil prices and
so potentially tighter markets that that
were pricing in?
I think it's the whole dilemma that we
have about short-term and and
medium-term. And and, you know, the more
anxious and worried
um
economic actors are about the resolution
of this crisis, the more pressure there
will be on the spot market.
How much do you blame the US
administration for for what's happening
to the European economy?
>> You know, it's not my job to do, you
know, blame
to to point finger or to associate this
or that with with blame.
I'm I'm more in the hope section myself
and I I very much hope that people can
sit at the table, can come to their
sense and understand that it will be in
the best interest of the global economy,
of the people that a war settlement is
reached and that not just a ceasefire
and that we can navigate through the
straits of the world.
And that was ECB President Christine
Lagarde speaking exclusively with
Bloomberg's Francine Lacqua in
Washington. Our checking markets here
right now on this relief rally and one
sector that we're watching very closely
is quantum computing stocks. Just given
what we've been seeing here with Nvidia,
they've been talking about
really boosting sentiment here.
The so certainly that's one thing to
watch. Samsung, you know, there's been
announcement of this KKR partnership,
right?
That's been doing helping the stock
here. Let's take a look at what it comes
to some of these chip makers here today.
So what we learned about this KKR
partnership certainly
>> It's a convertible bond.
>> Yes. A 1.1.22 trillion in Samsung SDS
specifically via convertible bonds. So
it's an injection there and as far as
that's concerned. So KKR and Samsung SDS
will closely collaborate on initiatives
including again, this really takes us
straight back to a full stack AI
solutions provider and expanding into
new business areas. Now the other thing
I want to note though is first this is
we are somewhat in between the release
of the prelim numbers out of Samsung
Electronics where it was an extremely
hefty
number to the upside. A lot of people
were surprised. In fact, it came So the
number actually came in a case you
missed that 50 trillion north of that
one was a profit that people were
expecting Samsung to actually report
further down this year. They they
brought that forward. That's where in
between that and the breakdown of course
and how that looks like just to round
off that specific conversation. Yeah,
but then you will take a look at the CSI
300, right? We're we're coming off some
of the initial highs since this
sort of opening up about 90 minutes ago,
but certainly there is still we are on
track. Well, we've lost a bit of
momentum. So 4703.
So we're back to levels of yesterday.
>> Yes.
>> Yes. We we are still maybe not quite
there in terms [music] of erasing all of
the losses since this war began. If this
continues at a pace, but certainly we'll
continue to watch of course how markets
are doing here. We'll have an update of
course day two here of the HSBC Global
Investment Summit. That's it for us here
on the China Show. We have Insight with
Hedley and Aling coming up next.
>> [music]